Q1. can you tell me real time usages of triggers?
We use trigger when we want some event should happen automatically on certain desirable scenario.Lets take an example.
You have a table which changes frequently,now you want to know how many times and when did these changes take place.
in that case you can create a trigger which will insert desired data in any other table whenever any changes in your main table occur.

Q2. why wrapper clases in java and their usages real-time.
As the name says, a wrapper class wraps (encloses) around a data type and gives it an object appearance. Wherever, the data type is required as an object, 
this object can be used. Wrapper classes include methods to unwrap the object and give back the data type.
1) To convert simple data types into objects, that is, to give object form to a data type; here constructors are used.
2) To convert strings into data types (known as parsing operations), here methods of type parseXXX() are used.

Q3. Diff. b/w String Buffer and String Builder?
Objects of String are immutable, and objects of StringBuffer and StringBuilder are mutable. StringBuffer and StringBuilder are similar, 
but StringBuilder is faster and preferred over StringBuffer for the single-threaded program. If thread safety is needed, then StringBuffer is used.

Q4. Diff. b/w List and Set in Collection framework?
List is an ordered sequence of elements whereas Set is a distinct list of elements which is unordered.
List:An ordered collection (also known as a sequence). The user of this interface has precise control over where in the list each element is inserted.
The user can access elements by their integer index (position in the list), and search for elements in the list. Implemented using :LinkedList,ArrayList
Set:A collection that contains no duplicate elements. More formally, sets contain no pair of elements e1 and e2 such that e1.equals(e2), 
and at most one null element. As implied by its name, this interface models the mathematical set abstraction.
Implemented using: HashSet (unordered),LinkedHashSet (ordered)

Q5. Diff. b/w Checked and Unchecked Exceptions with examples?
Checked Exceptions  :The Exceptions,which are checked by the compiler whether programmer handling or not ,for smooth execution of the program at runtime,are called checked exceptions.
IOException,SQLException.
UnChecked Exceptions  :The exceptions which are not checked by the compiler whether programmer handleing or not ,are called unchecked exceptions.
AirthmeticException,NullPointerException

Q6. Dff. b/w Statement and Prepared Statement and Color Statement in terms of security?
The Prepared Statement is a slightly more powerful version of a Statement, and should always be at least as quick and easy to handle as a Statement.
The Prepared Statement may be parametrized ,Most relational databases handles a JDBC / SQL query in four steps:
1.Parse the incoming SQL query,2.Compile the SQL query,3.optimize the data acquisition path,4.Execute the optimized query
A Statement will always proceed through the four steps above for each SQL query sent to the database. A Prepared Statement pre-executes steps (1) - (3) in the
execution process above. Thus, when creating a Prepared Statement some pre-optimization is performed immediately. 
The effect is to lessen the load on the database engine at execution time.

Q6.1 Diff b/w JQuery and JavaScript(Purpose)?
JavaScript uses JIT[Just in Time Compiler] which is combination of interpreter and Compile and is written in C. It's a combination of ECMA script and 
DOM (Document Object Model). While JQuery Uses the resources that are provided by JavaScript to make things easier. It is a light-weight JavaScript library.

Q6.2 Diff b/w Let and var in JS?
var and let are both used for variable declaration in javascript but the difference between them is that var is function scoped and let is block scoped.
It can be said that a variable declared with var is defined throughout the program as compared to let.

Q7. Diff b/w ID Selector and Class Selector, examples?
Difference between id and class attribute: The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element,
while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements. HTML is the foundation of webpages, is used for webpage development by structuring websites and web apps.

Q8 Usage of generics in java?
The main objective of generics is to provide Type-Saftey and resolve Type-Casting problems.

Q9. Java- 7 & 8 Features methods and classes?
Java-8:Functional Interfaces,Lambda Expressions,Method References,Stream APIs,Optional Classes,String Joiners,Default and static methods in Interface.
java-7:Compressed 64-bit pointers,Upgraded class-loader architecture,Multiple exception handling,JVM support for dynamically support languages,
Upgraded Rowset 1.1 and JDBC 4.1,String object in a switch statement,Automatic resource management in a try statement .

Q10. Need of State Management?
State Management is important whether you are building a mobile app or a web application. It refers to the management of the state of one or more UI controls.
UI controls can be text fields, radio buttons, checkboxes, dropdowns, toggles, form.

Q11. JSP and JSTL Tags?
JSP technology is used to create web application just like Servlet technology. It can be thought of as an extension to Servlet because it provides more functionality 
than servlet such as expression language, JSTL.
JSTL (JSP Standard Tag Library). The JSP Standard Tag Library (JSTL) represents a set of tags to simplify the JSP development.

Q12. MVC Representational?
Model: stores & manages data.View: Graphical User Interface,Controller: controller connects the model and view. The controller converts inputs from the view to demands to retrieve/update data in the model.
The controller receives input from view, uses logic to translate the input to a demand for the model, the model grabs the data, the controller passes data from the model back 
to the view for the user to see in a nice display.The view contains all functionality that directly interacts with the user - like clicking a button, or an enter event.

Q13. Module @Qualifier in MVC?
By using the @Qualifier annotation, we can eliminate the issue of which bean needs to be injected.we can avoid ambiguity when Spring finds multiple beans of the same type.

Q14. Hibernate shards?
Hibernate Shards is a framework that is designed to encapsulate and minimize this complexity by adding support for horizontal partitioning on top of Hibernate Core.
Simply put, we aim to provide a unified view of multiple databases via Hibernate.

Q15. HTML5 & 6 Features?
HTML5:
Encouraging semantic (meaningful) markup
Separating design from content
Promoting accessibility and design responsiveness
Reducing the overlap between HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Supporting rich media experiences while eliminating the need for plugins such as Flash or Java
HTML6:
Automatic Image Resizing in the Browser
Express Tags
Additional Control over the Video Object
Dedicated Libraries
More Annotation Options
Integrated Camera
Stronger Authentication

Q16. Some of the Selectors in CSS?
Simple selectors (select elements based on name, id, class)
Combinator selectors (select elements based on a specific relationship between them)
Pseudo-class selectors (select elements based on a certain state)
Pseudo-elements selectors (select and style a part of an element)

Q17. Can we use JSP as controller?
No,JSP only view purpuse.

Q18. why spring is so populer(Advantages)?
Spring is one of the most popular open source framework for developing enterprise applications. It provides comprehensive infrastructure support for developing 
Java based applications. Spring also enables the developer to create high performing, reusable, easily testable and loose coupling enterprise Java application.

Q19.what is IOC container?
Spring IoC Container is a core part of the Spring framework which is used to manage the application bean. It injects dependencies when a bean is created and manages 
the bean life cycle during execution.The fundamental tasks of Spring IoC are:Instantiating,Configuring, and Assembling Bean.
The IOC container gets configuration related information from the Spring configuration file. That can be either XML or Java files.
The container uses dependency injection (DI) to manage the components that make up an application.Spring provides two types of IOC containers:BeanFactory,Application Context.

Q20.Spring standalone application,Scopes and Spring Beans, What is the default scope in spring beans.
Spring Beans:Bean is an object in Spring that is managed by the Spring IoC Container. Spring creates bean with the configuration metadata that we have supplied in
the <bean> tag of the XML file. We provide metadata to the IoC container either by using the XML file or by Java annotations.
Scopes:It specifies the scope of beans such as singleton or prototype.
default scope:singleton
It is the default scope of a bean. It represents a single bean scope for each Spring IoC container.